Method Overriding & Abstract Class Practice 

P0. Use of this keyword
P01. Method Override

✅ Method Overriding Questions
 
P1. Write a simple program to demonstrate method overriding using classes
P2. Prevent overriding of a method across the program using the final keyword

   🔒 The final keyword only restricts method overriding in a subclass (child class).
   🆓 It does not prevent creating a new method with the same name in an unrelated class (or completely new class).

P3. What if final keyword is used but same method is made in completely new class
P4. The Animal class should have a sound method (like "Animal makes sound"). The Dog class should override the sound method to print          "Bark". Create an instance of Dog and call the sound method.

P5. Program to demonstrate abstract class

    class with abstract keyword is called abstract class, we can not create object of abstract class
    abstract class is only accessible through its sub classes only, abstract class as superclass
    Must be inherited by a subclass to be used
    abstract methods declared in abstract class needs to be implemented in subclass with definition
    Yes, it is compulsory to override all abstract methods in the subclass
    Avoids Developer Mistakes — If not overridden, compiler shows error

P6. Can Abstract methods in abstract class can have body
    compile error: abstract methods cannot have a body
    abstract void eat(); // ✅ No body allowed

P7. @override usage

    Can we use @Override in multiple subclasses? ✅ Yes
    Does @Override restrict future overriding? ❌ No
    Is @Override compulsory? ❌ No, but ✅ recommended
    ❌ It is not required, but ✅ using @Override helps catch errors during compilation.
     @Override can be used in multiple subclasses.

P8.  Create an abstract class Shape with an abstract method draw.
P9.  Program to demonstrate reference and reference variable
     In Java, a reference is a variable that stores the memory address (or location) of an object — not the object itself.
P10. Write a program where a base class Vehicle has a startEngine method.
P11. Design a program with a base class Employee having a method calculateSalary and a subclass Manager overriding this method.
P12. Create a Person class with a displayDetails method that prints basic details (name, age).
